4. Why are you interested in this position?
Answer: I have 6 years working experience with full responsibility of software testing including manual and automation testing. I am familiar with various test method (Agile, Scrum and Waterfall) and testing tools (Selenium, Jmeter, Postman, Rcptt and Sikuli). Your job responsibilities and qualifications perfectly match with my experience and project works. Your fast growing, well-known and stable company maintaining world class culture as a IT company in HR and Software Engineering departments. I will fit with your culture and will start contributing to your project instantly. A an QA experience person I am looking for such friendly, long-term vision IT company where I can devote myself to learn and grow together. 
5. Where do you see yourself in 2 years?
Answer: According to my education and experience I would like to learn my unlearnt things as a QA Engineer and CSE graduate. I believe I have many things to learn and understand to perform better in any organization to fit with tech trends, markets, strategies and methods of Software Engineering. At the same time I want to put my experience and knowledge with creative ideas.
6. Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
Answer: In 5 years I would like to work for such company who believe in long-term vision, creative ideas and growth. Companies believe in work-life balance, follows great culture to build friendly environment at work and maintain methodologies and strategies to build good quality software. At the same time I and my company should work for nation. My work and experience for that company will bring me great satisfaction. 
7. What is the most recent book you have read or training you have taken (online or in class)?
Answer: Recently I have read The Minute Manager. The One Minute Manager is a very short book by Ken Blanchard and Spencer Johnson. The brief volume tells a story, recounting three techniques of an effective manager: one-minute goals, one-minute praising and one-minute reprimands.
Recently I have taken a course of SQA-ICA (Software Quality Assurance Implementing Consistent Quality) organized by Daffodil International Academy and offer by Hi-Tech Park Authority. This course offer’s STLC, Agile Testing, SQA roles and responsibilities, Different type of Software Testing and methods, Selenium, Jmeter, and ISTQB Fundamental etc.
